[IMPROVEMENT] Deprecated the --with-gui flag for linux/configure and mac/configure (#1415)
CCExtractor/ccextractor: docs/CHANGES.TXT

0.95 (to be released)
-----------------
- Fix: crash in Rust decoder on ATSC1.0 TS Files (#1407)

> - Deprecated the --with-gui flag for linux/configure and mac/configure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed the --with-gui flag for linux/configure and mac/configure (use the Flutter GUI instead)
```
